This is the only rule of our household. If you feel a presence standing over you while you sleep, do **NOT** open your eyes. Ignore it and try to fall asleep. This may sound a bit like the show Bird Box from Netflix but this is real, this is serious. You don't want to know what happens if you open your eyes. Let me start from the beginning, from where it all began.

------------------------

My family had just moved to a new house in a new city in an eerily quiet neighborhood. We barely ever saw the neighbors and there were almost no animals around. It threw me off a little bit but i quickly got accustomed to it. My school was pretty close to my house so it was not difficult to make friends that I could regularly bring home. So, a few months in the new house, when i was sleeping one night, i felt a figure standing over me. Now, I have always been a bit of a scaredy cat so I slammed my eyes shut and waited. A few moments later, I felt it go away. This happened to me every night and I continuously told my parents about it but they never believed me. They said that i was dreaming and not to think about it too much but i kept on badgering them until they finally installed a camera in every room just as a precaution. The next night when the presence came again, i followed the same routine of keeping my eyes shut until it went away. The next morning i asked my parents to check the cameras. Even though they were skeptical, they checked the camera and what they saw apparently shocked them to the core but me, not so much.

The camera showed that when i go to sleep, or act like it, a shadowy figure came and stood over my bed with its face hidden in such a fashion that it can only be seen if the person in the bed looked straight up. The figure/creature appeared to be wearing some sort of cloak with a 5 point star drawn on it. Now, my family is not very religious but seemed to horrify my parents. The problem was, which we soon figured out, we could not go to the church or temple or any kind of holy place without angering this creature. Every time any of my parents set out to go to any of these places, dangerous incidents seem to happen which, don't happen to kill, but seem to be some kind of warning like the car swerving off the road or a car speeding dangerously close while crossing the road. We soon realized that something supernatural was at play.

It was after my mom almost got run over by a cement mixture truck that we gave up our attempts to contact a holy leader. We made the rule and to this day we have never had a single incident except ONE. But that is a story for some other time...